Life is beautiful because it doesn’t last. Brit Marling
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world. Wayne Dyer
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. Albert Einstein
The first step is you have to say that you can. Will Smith
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest. Unknown
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. William Shakespeare
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt. Charles Schulz
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat. Ralph Ellison
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions. Alfred Adler
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do. David Wilkerson
All generalizations are false, including this one. Mark Twain
Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it. Salvador Dali
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it. W.C. Fields
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process. Anne Wilson Schaef
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. Herman Melville
The capacity for friendship is God’s way of apologizing for our families. Jay McInerney
I love those who can smile in trouble. Leonardo da Vinci
The trick in life is learning how to deal with it. Helen Mirren
It always seems impossible until it’s done. Nelson Mandela Click to tweet
Life is wide, limitless. There is no border, no frontier. Bruce Lee Click to tweet
Most great people have attained their greatest success one step beyond their greatest failure. Napoleon Hill
life quotes three words sum everything learned about goes on robert frost wisdom
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before. Albert Einstein
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching. William W. Purkey Click to tweet
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate. Linda Grayson
If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed. Christopher McCandless (Into The Wild movie)
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
Life is so short. I would rather sing one song than interpret the thousand. Jack London Click to tweet
Better yet, jump to the Uplifting And Happy Life Quotes section.
Life is to entered upon with courage. Alexis de Tocqueville Click to tweet
Life is short but it is wide. This too shall pass. Rebecca Wells
If you’re too open-minded; your brains will fall out. Lawrence Ferlinghetti
life quotes its better lion for day than sheep your elizabeth kenny wisdom
Life is a gift, given in trust – like a child. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
One liners, quote of the day, thoughts and captions for your bio, social status, self-talk, motto, mantra, signs, posters, wallpapers, backgrounds, tattoos, SMS, Facebook, WhatsApp, Snapchat, Tumblr, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, etc.
The easiest definition of success is material or financial. The most beautiful definition of success is inner peace. Maxime Lagacé
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters. George Herbert
If you’re lucky, family members are friends, and friends are family members. Maxime Lagacé
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it’s a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life’s realities. Dr. Seuss
Remember: the more you expect things to be a certain way, the more disappointed you’ll be. Accept life as it is. You’ll be free. Maxime Lagacé
I think being in love with life is a key to eternal youth. Doug Hutchison
Love is a better teacher than duty. Albert Einstein
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. William James
See: it’s a never-ending upward spiral. And if you think at any point you’re allowed to stop climbing, I’m afraid you’re missing the point. Because the joy is in the climb itself. Mark Manson
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear. Mark Twain
We’re not meant to consume infinite news, porn and food. We live in an era of too much abundance. This is the modern struggle. There is so much of an abundance of cheap, fake, instant dopamine and meaning. How do you motivate yourself to do the real thing any more? Naval Ravikant
As Nietzsche put it, if you have a WHY to live, you can bear almost any “HOW”. A meaningful life can be extremely satisfying even in the midst of hardship whereas a meaningless life is a terrible ordeal no matter how comfortable it is. Yuval Noah Harari
When you arise in the morning think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. Marcus Aurelius
Most of life is tragic. You’re born, you don’t know why. You’re here, you don’t know why. You go, you die. Your family dies. Your friends die. People suffer. People live in constant terror. The world is full of poverty and corruption and war and Nazis and tsunamis. The net result, the final count is, you lose – you don’t beat the house. Woody Allen
If I know what love is, it is because of you. Herman Hesse
life quotes life question how live answer gary keller wisdom
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved. D. H. Lawrence
Scared people want comfort and certainty so they avoid failure. People living fully seek challenges because this is where they feel alive. Maxime Lagacé
What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning. Charlie Chaplin
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. Mother Teresa
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
Play iterated games. All the returns in life, whether in wealth, relationships, or knowledge, come from compound interest. Naval Ravikant
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you. Roy Croft
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough. Walt Whitman
The family is one of nature’s masterpieces. George Santayana
Life is available only in the present moment. Thich Nhat Hanh
Life is too mysterious to try to map it out. I’ve certainly lived long enough to know it will take you places you never thought it would take you – and some of those places are kind of wonderful. Alan Ball
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. Elbert Hubbard
Love is the goal, life is the journey. Osho Click to tweet
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. Eleanor Roosevelt
Make sure they know you love them. Maxime Lagacé
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself. Rick Riordan
The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him. Arthur Schopenhauer
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. Lao Tzu
The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet. Gustave Flaubert
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. Marcus Aurelius
Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world. Napoleon Bonaparte
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye. Cathy Guisewite
We are evolved to search for meaning but ultimately life has none. Naval Ravikant
Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. Samuel Butler
If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn’t make it so. Lev Grossman
All of life is peaks and valleys. Don’t let the peaks get too high and the valleys too low. John Wooden
Life is a series of commas, not periods. Unknown
Reverence for life is the highest court of appeal. Albert Schweitzer
This is your life and it’s ending one minute at a time. Tyler Durden (Fight Club)
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. Steve Jobs
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead. Charles Bukowski Click to tweet
In family life, love is the oil that eases friction, the cement that binds closer together, and the music that brings harmony. Friedrich Nietzsche
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. Albert Einstein
Without the rain there would be no rainbow. Gilbert Chesterton Click to tweet
Life always waits for some crisis to occur before revealing itself at its most brilliant. Paulo Coelho (Eleven Minutes)
Nobody can predict the future; the idea is to have a firm grasp of the present. Peter F. Drucker
Success is about creating value. Candice Carpenter
It can be the scariest and most beautiful thing simultaneously. Maxime Lagacé
Those who realize their folly are not true fools. Zhuangzi Click to tweet
Life is a zoo in a jungle. Peter De Vries
I can resist everything except temptation. Oscar Wilde
Do stuff. Be clenched, curious. Not waiting for inspiration’s shove or society’s kiss on your forehead. Pay attention. It’s all about paying attention. Attention is vitality. It connects you with others. It makes you eager. Stay eager. Susan Sontag
Be so good they can’t ignore you. Steve Martin Click to tweet
The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold. Bob Marley
The mind is everything. What you think you become. Buddha
The flavor of life is on the edge. Naval Ravikant
Go to table of contents
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. Maya Angelou
In the book of life, the answers aren’t in the back. Charlie Brown
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. Hubert H. Humphrey Click to tweet
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination. Oscar Wilde
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art… It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival. C.S. Lewis
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. Charles Swindoll
Keep looking up… that’s the secret of life. Snoopy Click to tweet
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. Stephen Hawking
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. Neil Gaiman
Life is not an exact science, it is an art. Samuel Butler
Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it’s your responsibility that you’re happy. Naval Ravikant
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature. Jane Austen
You know you’re in love when you don’t want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. Dr. Seuss
Children have more need of models than critics. Joseph Joubert
Kid, you’ll move mountains! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way! Dr. Seuss
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. Friedrich Nietzsche
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. Babe Ruth
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness. Steve Maraboli
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. Abraham Lincoln Click to tweet
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
life quotes keep looking thats secret snoopy wisdom
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on. Robert Frost Click to tweet
Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don’t take yourself so seriously. Naval Ravikant
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand. Kurt Vonnegut
It is not where we breathe, but where we Love, that we live. Soren Kierkegaard
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor. Sholom Aleichem
Life is lived on the edge. Will Smith
A simple definition of success is this: your life could serve as an example for society. Maxime Lagacé
The dreamers are the saviors of the world. James Allen Click to tweet
We are who we choose to be. Green Goblin
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about. Marilyn Monroe
Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead. Morihei Ueshiba
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home. Confucius
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. Andre Gide
The best friend you’ll find in your life is the friend that always come back to you, no matter what happened or how long it has been. Maxime Lagacé
The art of love is largely the art of persistence. Albert Ellis
More famous quotes
Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow. Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead. Walk beside me… just be my friend. Albert Camus
Life is a game and true love is a trophy. Rufus Wainwright
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. Theodore Hesburgh
I love deadlines, I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. Douglas Adams
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. James Baldwin
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you. Bette Midler
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. Oprah Winfrey Click to tweet
Happiness is not the surplus of pleasant over unpleasant moments. Rather happiness consists in seeing one’s life in its entirety as meaningful and worthwhile. Yuval Noah Harari
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. Samuel Butler
Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love. That’s it. Naval Ravikant
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death. Anais Nin
Life is tragic but it’s equally comic. John Banville Click to tweet
life quotes always seem impossible until done nelson mandela wisdom
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things. That means you’re alive. Joan Rivers
Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of the next one. Don’t hope for a life without problems. There’s no such thing. Instead, hope for a life full of good problems. Mark Manson
If you say you can or you can’t you are right either way. Henry Ford
Life is a continuous process of adjustment. Indira Gandhi
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
My life is my argument. Albert Schweitzer Click to tweet
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses. Lao Tzu
Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter. Brad Henry
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened. Ludwig Jacobowski (This is one of my favorite life quote. Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours!)
There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved. George Sand
Family is not an important thing. It’s everything. Michael J. Fox
Life is pain. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something. William Goldman
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. Robert A Heinlein
The joy of life consists in the inevitable, continual triumph of new values. Wassily Kandinsky
You’t don’t need twenty friends to say you have friends. Like most things in life, it’s quality over quantity. The less you have, the more you can take care of them. Maxime Lagacé
The shortness of life, so often lamented, may be the best thing about it. Arthur Schopenhauer
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
I will go anywhere as long as it’s forward. David Livingston
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in. Morrie Schwartz
Don’t brood. Get on with living and loving. You don’t have forever. Leo Buscaglia
You have just one life to live. It is yours. Own it, claim it, live it, do the best you can with it. Hillary Clinton
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Our crisis is no longer material; it’s existential, it’s spiritual. We have so much fucking stuff and so many opportunities that we don’t even know what to give a fuck about anymore. Mark Manson
Life is short. You have to be able to laugh at our pain or we never move on. Jeff Ross
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. Walt Disney
The day you stop racing, is the day you win the race. Bob Marley Click to tweet
Life is too short to be little. Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor. Benjamin Disraeli
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept. George Carlin
Where there is love there is life. Mahatma Gandhi
I’m the one that’s got to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to. Jimi Hendrix
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. Charles Dickens
There are two great days in a person’s life – the day we are born and the day we discover why. William Barclay
A woman’s mind is cleaner than a man’s: She changes it more often. Oliver Herford
The planet is fine. The people are fucked. George Carlin Click to tweet
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get. W.P. Kinsella
Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best. H. Jackson Brown Jr.
You either live a life of love, or a life of fear. The life of fear is the easiest one because you don’t risk anything. You simply protect. The toughest one is the life of love because you risk more. You give all you’ve got. The choice is yours. Maxime Lagacé
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before. Blaise Pascal
You cannot find peace avoiding life. Virginia Woolf
If you don’t like something change it; if you can’t change it, change the way you think about it. Mary Engelbreit
Never trust people who smile constantly. They’re either selling something or not very bright. Laurell K. Hamilton
Life is to enjoyed, not endured. Gordon Hinckley
Life has no meaning unless one lives it with a will, at least to the limit of one’s will. Paul Gauguin
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
The purpose of human life is to serve and to show compassion and the will to help others. Albert Schweitzer
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable. Benjamin Franklin
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil. Marcus Aurelius
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. Norman Cousins
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them – that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like. Lao Tzu
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. Theodore Roosevelt Click to tweet
Go to table of contents
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third. Marge Piercy Click to tweet
Life is a long lesson in humility. James M. Barrie
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. Benjamin Franklin
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while you could miss it. Ferris Bueller
Get busy living or get busy dying. Stephen King Click to tweet
Life is a lively process of becoming. Douglas MacArthur Click to tweet
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination. Carl Rogers
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life. Eleanor Roosevelt
Life’s too mysterious to take too serious. Mary Engelbreit Click to tweet
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
life quotes keep your eyes stars your feet ground theodore roosevelt wisdom
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. Alexander Pope
Life is just the same as learning to swim. Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live! Alfred Adler
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale Click to tweet
Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer. Ellen DeGeneres
When it hurts – observe. Life is trying to teach you something. Anita Krizzan
A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother. Benjamin Franklin
Our whole life is solving puzzles. Erno Rubik
The greatest pleasure of life is love. Euripides
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. Tony Robbins
A little foolishness, enough to enjoy life, and a little wisdom to avoid the errors, that will do. Osho
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten. David Ogden Stiers
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can’t practice any other virtue consistently. Maya Angelou
Too many people think life will be easy. Keep it mind that it will not and you’ll find peace of mind. Maxime Lagacé
Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify. Henry David Thoreau Click to tweet
You’re never wrong if you love and help people. Maxime Lagacé
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. Helen Keller Click to tweet
life quotes those realize their folly true fools zhangzi wisdom
Try to enjoy the great festival of life with other men! Epictetus
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. William Shakespeare
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. John Lennon
My life is about ups and downs, great joys and great losses. Isabel Allende
May you live all the days of your life. Jonathan Swift
When you want something in life, you just gotta reach out and grab it. Christopher McCandless (Into The Wild movie)
Life is a single player game. Naval Ravikant
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives. Albert Schweitzer
Life is largely a matter of expectation. Homer
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. St. Augustine
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children. Charles R. Swindoll
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. Mother Teresa
I’m always doing things I can’t do. That’s how I get to do them. Pablo Picasso Click to tweet
It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons. Johann Schiller
Life is about learning; when you stop learning, you die. Tom Clancy
Take care, the next 2 quotes are hard ones (but true!)
A fear-oriented man is always calculating, planning, arranging, safeguarding. His whole life is lost in this way. Osho
I tell you, in this world being a little crazy helps to keep you sane. Zsa Zsa Gabor
Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got. Tim Cook (Apple CEO)
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure. Mark Twain
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
life quotes change your thoughts world norman vincent peale wisdom
Keep calm and carry on. Winston Churchill
My life is my message. Mahatma Gandhi
Life is not a problem. To look at it as a problem is to take a wrong step. It is a mystery to be lived, loved, experienced. Osho
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. Anthony Brandt
I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time. Herbert Bayard Swope
Life is an illusion. I am held together in the nothingness by art. Anselm Kiefer
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. Roy T. Bennett
There is no education like adversity. Benjamin Disraeli
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. Christopher Reeve
Life is trying things to see if they work. Ray Bradbury Click to tweet
It’s better to dance than to march through life. Yoko Ono
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. Roy T. Bennett
I am thankful to all who said no to me. It is because of them that I’m doing it myself. Albert Einstein
Life is short, death is forever. Chuck Palahniuk
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life. I don’t think that’s what we’re really seeking. I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive. Joseph Campbell
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. Soren Kierkegaard Click to tweet
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. George Bernard Shaw
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family. Lee Iacocca
Life isn’t a matter of milestones, but of moments. Rose Kennedy
Life is too important to be taken seriously. Oscar Wilde Click to tweet
Life is hard. After all, it kills you. Katharine Hepburn
Challenges, failures, defeats and ultimately, progress, are what make your life worthwhile. Maxime Lagacé
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. Winston S. Churchill
Your best life will not be found in comfort. It will be found in fighting for what you believe in. Maxime Lagacé
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Dalai Lama
life quotes too important taken seriously oscar wilde wisdom
In family relationships, love is really spelled T.I.M.E. Dieter F. Uchtdorf
It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn’t use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like “What about lunch?”. A.A. Milne
Life does not owe you anything because life has already given you everything. Ralph Marston
A drop of love can bring an ocean of tears. Jewish Proverb
No one can compete with you on being you. Most of life is a search for who and what needs you the most. Naval Ravikant
There is love and respect for others. There is love and respect for yourself. Start with the latter. Maxime Lagacé
Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect. Margaret Mitchell
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost. Gilbert K. Chesterton
Life is just one damned thing after another. Elbert Hubbard
Life consists with wildness. The most alive is the wildest. Henry David Thoreau
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. Oscar Wilde
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren’t already complicated enough. Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Life is a mixing of all kind of things: comedy and tragedy going together. Alejandro Jodorowsky
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe. Albert Einstein
Time means a lot to me because, you see, I, too, am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing and simplifying. If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee
Children are a poor man’s riches. English Proverb
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. Oscar Wilde
In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity. Albert Einstein
Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep. Carl Sandburg
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer. Gary Keller Click to tweet
Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars. Jack Kerouac
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love. Henry Miller
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you’ve imagined. Henry David Thoreau
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. George S. Patton
Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly. Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive. Derive purpose from resilience. Learn to sail the raging sea. Unknown
You’re only here for a short visit. Don’t hurry, don’t worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way. Walter Hagen
Life is a long lesson in humility. James M. Barrie
Good is not enough. You’ve got to be great. Simon Cowell
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn. David Russell
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone see its. Confucius
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don’t lose faith. Steve Jobs
Love the life you live. Live the life you love. Bob Marley Click to tweet
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering – and it’s all over much too soon. Woody Allen
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. Dr. Seuss
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful. Thich Nhat Hanh
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. Seneca
The purpose of life is to believe, to hope, and to strive. Indira Gandhi
When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching – they are your family. Jim Butcher
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. Rumi
The giving of love is an education in itself. Eleanor Roosevelt
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude. William James
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine. Mario Fernandez
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. Albert Einstein
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity. Leo Tolstoy
But it’s better to finish on a good note, right?
What gives meaning are challenges. A beautiful life is a meaningful. Say yes to challenges. Maxime Lagacé
Happiness is only real when shared. Jon Krakauer
Friendship is born at the moment when one man says to another “What! You too? I thought that no one but myself…”. C.S. Lewis
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment. Rita Mae Brown
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature. Citium Zeno
We are most alive when we’re in love. John Updike
More wisdom quotes
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key. Alan Bennett
Fortune and love favor the brave. Ovid
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. Lao Tzu
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. Mae West
The truth is you don’t know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed. Eminem
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. Leonardo da Vinci
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware. Henry Miller
In every success story, you will find someone who has made a courageous decision. Peter F. Drucker
Defeat is simply a signal to press onward. Helen Keller
It’s better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. Elizabeth Kenny Click to tweet
We no longer live life. We consume it. Vicki Robin (Your Money Or Your Life)
The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it. Carl Jung
Life is really a dance if you are original, and you are meant to be original. Osho
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. Omar Khayyam
Life is an ever-flowing process and somewhere on the path some unpleasant things will pop up – it might leave a scar, but then life is flowing, and like running water, when it stops it grows stale. Go bravely on, my friend, because each experience teaches us a lesson. Keep blasting because life is such that sometimes it is nice and sometimes it is not. Bruce Lee
In the midst of winter, I found there was within me an invincible summer. Albert Camus
Life is empty, and realizing that, we want to fill it, we are seeking – seeking ways and means, not only to fill this emptiness but also to find something that is not to be measured by man. Jiddu Krishnamurti
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naïve forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget. Thomas Szasz
What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife. Rodney Dangerfield
